[doc] Optimize C++ installation steps (#13999)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/client-libraries-cpp.md

[Doxygen](http://www.doxygen.nl/)-generated API docs for the C++ client are available [here](/api/cpp).

## Linux

> **Note**   

> > You can choose one of the following three installation methods according to your own situation: Compilation, Install RPM or Install Debian.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can choose one of the following installation methods based on your needs: Compilation, Install RPM or Install Debian.
```

Reviewer: Hi @zhaoyajun2009 you've ignored my comments, any thoughts？

Author: Solved, please review

$ rpm -ivh apache-pulsar-client*.rpm
```

> After you install RPM successfully, Pulsar libraries are in the `/usr/lib` directory，for exapmle：

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you install RPM successfully, Pulsar libraries are in the `/usr/lib` directory，for example：
```

```bash

> lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 18 12月 30 22:21 libpulsar.so -> libpulsar.so.2.9.1
> lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 23 12月 30 22:21 libpulsarnossl.so -> libpulsarnossl.so.2.9.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 18 Dec 30 22:21 libpulsar.so -> libpulsar.so.2.9.1
lrwxrwxrwx 1 root root 23 Dec 30 22:21 libpulsarnossl.so -> libpulsarnossl.so.2.9.1
```

Avoid Chinese content

```

> **Note**  
> If you get the error that `libpulsar.so: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory` when starting Pulsar client, you may need to run `ldconfig` first.

> 2. Install the gcc and g++ using the following command,otherwise the problems will occur in installing Node.js.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Install the gcc and g++ using the following command, otherwise the problems will occur in installing Node.js.
```

> 2. Install the gcc and g++ using the following command, otherwise the problems will occur in installing Node.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the GCC and g++ using the following command, otherwise, errors would occur in installing Node.js.
```

Reviewer: Same question here

Author: Solved, please review
